welcome back to overdrive and don't
worry we are still at the Polonia motor
show mahindra is one of two Indian
manufacturers to display here at Bologna
and they have the complete range on
display this is a Scorpio it's called
the go in Europe and they have a world
premiere of the car concept which is
sort of like the classic we are used to
but with the Scorpio crd engine the Thor
retains classic villain styling and is
similar to the limited edition legend
that was launched in india two years
back but with a big difference this one
gets the crd engine from the Scorpio
which should give it enough grunt to
scale vertical cliff faces Europe is the
market where people likes to have the
retro vehicles so we feel there is a
niche which exists for us with this
product into into the Europe and many
European markets and that's the reason
this concept has been made and we're
trying to look at how we can
commercialize this concern so while
mahindra's thought might be named after
a desert at Ford I came face to face
with the car that could drive through
one or any other terrain for that matter
and at frightening speed
Green might be the theme of the show but
I'm not sure this is the green
everybody's talking about this is the
Ford Focus world rally car and iconic
castrol green colors and right next to
it they have the Focus RS that's the
road car on which this rally car is
supposed to be based on
ford is of course one of the big three
automakers in the US were crying out for
garment bailout but whatever their
financial situation it hasn't lessened
their focus on the WRC and while
Japanese rally legend Subaru and Suzuki
have withdrawn from the spot for are
still determined to play up their
association with the WRC and with that
elusive driver's championship these
Falls rally cars aren't yours just for
sure I'm going to drive here one ends
rally car okay not add rally finland but
you'll get what I'm saying
driving a rally car isn't as easy as it
seems Oh God o friend of yours I don't
have any friends
there might not be any bond girls at the
forge stance but they do have a bond car
the Ford car okay it might not be the
Aston Martin but this is the car that
Olga Kurylenko pulls up in and just us
to bond to get in she might not be here
but this car is almost as cute now this
is interesting though the car has forged
badges underneath the cutesy styling
this is a Fiat 500 it shares the same
platform the same engines and even built
by Fiat in the same factory as the 500
another italian marque from the Polonia
motor show his home is ferrari all the
usual suspects were present and
accounted for including the 612
scaglietti the ferocious 599 gtb fiorano
the 430 scuderia and the new California
but up on the stage sharing space with
the 2008 Formula One car was a rather
special f430 Felipe Massa might have
missed out on the drivers world
championship this year but Ferrari still
clinch their 16th constructors title and
to celebrate that they have another
limited edition that's the 16 m scuderia
spider is based on the f430 Scuderia
with obviously more carbon fiber all
over the place it's limited to just 499
examples and if you want to invest your
money that's better than the stock
market thanks to some serious dieting
the 16 MV is 1340 kilos ET lighter than
the f430 the 4.3 liter v8 engine punches
out 510 horses and that gives it a zero
to 100 time of 3.7 seconds and a top
speed of 315 kilometers per hour and
keeping with the ipod generation it also
gets a personalized ferrari ipod touch
with its own dock in the dash
and that's a wrap on this special
episode of all drive coming at you from
the bologna motor show